Describe in a high level the solution you have in mind

- The algorithm is based on user history, user followees. It takes in to account how many times a certain tag has
appeared in the user's song history (the more a certain tag has been played, the more chance a song will appear
in the recommendations list). The algorithm populates a list of candidates, each with the corresponding weight, then
a weighted random generator is used to generate 5 recommendations from the list of candidates.

What other data could you use to improve recommendations?

- How many times had the user listened to each song.
- Artist information (Country, Language).
- User demographics (Gender, Age).
- User rating for songs.
- Time and date of listened songs.

Assume a more real world situation where you could have more data you described above, and more time to implement, could you think of a possibly more efficient way to recommend?

- Yes, we can add more weight to tags of the songs the user plays the most, we can recommend songs from people with similar demographics and lastly, we can include the songs the user had played long time ago (60 days or more) to the list.

Assume you have more than one implementation of recommendations, how could you test which one is more effective using data generated by user actions?

- User engagement with the recommendation system would be a good indicator which implementation is more effective. (number of clicks on recommendations or shares)

How long did this assignment take? Please be honest it's relativelly new.

- About 6-8 hours, mostly learning and experimenting with Sinatra, Mongoid.

Where would be the bottlenecks of this solution you have implemented?

- Getting the list of candidates (and weights) requires some computing on (possibly) a huge list of candidates.

What was the hardest part?

- Getting the candidates is the most challenging part.

Did you learn something new?

- Yes, First time to use Sinatra, Mongoid.

Do you feel that your skills were well tested?

- Yes.